README.md, before:

# Forced Growth

A datapack for Minecraft 1.16.x to re-enable Forced Growth

Running this datapack in 1.16.0 or 1.16.1 may give you an error or mark as incompatible. It still works, mojang was just late with updating the [datapack format number](./pack.mcmeta#L3). If you want, you can change this number to 5 to get rid of all errors.

## Installation

To install the datapack, you need to make sure you are either playing in singleplayer or have file access to the server you want to install it to. Additionally, the datapack is only supported on Vanilla and Fabric.

1. Head to https://github.com/Zefyro/Forced-Growth and press the `Download Code` button.
2. Select `Download ZIP` and put it in your `datapacks` folder.
3. Open the zip via double-click and drag the folder out.
4. Run `/reload` in-game and enable the datapack

## Incompatibilities

This datapack is unsupported on Forge and related projects.

This datapack is unsupported on all Bukkit-derivatives. Additionally, the installation procedure needs to be altered to work with Bukkit-derivatives.

This datapack is incompatible with EssentialsX and similar plugins.

Commit message:

Add incompatibility notices for specific bukkit forks
Purpur has been proven to block the datapacks config function, forks based on it will not run the pack

README.md, after:

# Forced Growth

A datapack for Minecraft 1.16.x to re-enable Forced Growth

Running this datapack in 1.16.0 or 1.16.1 may give you an error or mark as incompatible. It still works, mojang was just late with updating the [datapack format number](./pack.mcmeta#L3). If you want, you can change this number to 5 to get rid of all errors.

## Installation

To install the datapack, you need to make sure you are either playing in singleplayer or have file access to the server you want to install it to. Additionally, the datapack is only supported on Vanilla and Fabric.

1. Head to https://github.com/Zefyro/Forced-Growth and press the `Download Code` button.
2. Select `Download ZIP` and put it in your `datapacks` folder.
3. Open the zip via double-click and drag the folder out.
4. Run `/reload` in-game and enable the datapack

## Incompatibilities

This datapack is unsupported on Forge and related projects.

This datapack is unsupported on all Bukkit-derivatives. Additionally, the installation procedure needs to be altered to work with Bukkit-derivatives.

This datapack is entirely incompatible with EssentialsX and similar plugins.

This datapack is entirely incompatible with Purpur, Yatopia and forks based on those jarfiles.
